# Pewlett-Hackard-Analysis

Pewlett Hackard - large company with several thousand employees. Been around for a long time. As baby boomers begin to retire at a rapid rate, pewlett hackard is looking towards the future in 2 ways. First offering a retirement package for those who meet certain criteria. Second its thinking about which positions will need to be filled in the near future. The number of upcoming retirements will leave thousands of job openings. What would happen to a company if they didnt look ahead and prepare for this many vacancies - wouldnt be good. Bobby is an up and coming HR analyst whose task is to perform employee research - specifically needs to find answers to following questions. Who will be retireing in the next few years and how many positions will pewlett hackard nead to fill. Will help future proof company by generating a list of all employees elegible for retirement package. Employee data bobby needs is only available in the form of 6 CSV files. because company has been mainly using excel and vba to work with data, but now decided to update methods and use SQL. Help bobby build an employee database with SQL by applying datamodellings, engineering and analysis skills

Now that Bobby has proven his SQL chops, his manager has given both of you two more assignments: determine the number of retiring employees per title, and identify employees who are eligible to participate in a mentorship program. Then, you’ll write a report that summarizes your analysis and helps prepare Bobby’s manager for the “silver tsunami” as many current employees reach retirement age.
